HEADACHE

Drink water
Take some magnesium
Get adequate sleep
Avoid foods high in histamine
Try a B-complex vitamin
Soothe pain with a cold compress
Drink caffeinated tea or coffee


CHILLS

drinking plenty of fluids to stay hydrated
taking over-the-counter (OTC) pain relievers to reduce discomfort
resting
taking acetaminophen for pain relief
applying damp, lukewarm cloths to the forehead
wearing comfortable clothes
making sure that the person has enough covers to feel comfortable



JOINT PAIN

Manage your weight
Get enough exercise
Use hot and cold therapy
Try acupuncture
Use meditation to cope with pain
Follow a healthy diet
Add turmeric to dishes
Get a massage



STOMACHACHE

Drinking water
Avoiding lying down
Ginger
Avoiding smoking and drinking alcohol
Take light foods
Use Baking soda



ACIDITY

Fennel or Saunf
Black Cumin Seeds
Cloves
Lukewarm Water
Watermelon Juice
Cardamom




ulcers_on_tongue

Coconut oil
Saltwater    
Honey    
Aloe vera
Vitamin supplements
Chamomile



cough

Honey
Hot Drinks
Ginger
Water
Steam
Menthol





indigestion


Before a meal, chewing a chopped or grated ginger with a few drops of lime juice and some salt will help in improving the digestive power.  
You can consume a mixture of garlic powder, trikatu (contains black pepper, Indian long pepper in equal amounts), and rock salt before meals.    
Taking a mixture of one fresh garlic clove, cumin powder, rock salt, and trikatu with lime juice before meals will be helpful for enhancing digestion.  
Drinking bay leaf tea (prepared by crushing bay leaf in a cup of hot water for ten minutes) with a pinch of cardamom after meals will be helpful for improving digestion.  
Consuming fresh onion juice with honey and black pepper is helpful for the management of indigestion.  
You can consume chopped cloves of fresh garlic with salt and baking soda.  
To manage acute indigestion, drinking lime juice in warm water with added baking soda (just before drinking) is helpful.  
The mixture of trikatu, chitrak, kutki with honey and fresh ginger juice is helpful for dealing with long-term poor digestion.3    
Ginger has been shown to aid in the prevention of drug-induced gastric ulcers. Ginger has been shown to have antioxidant and free radical scavenging properties, which may have contributed to the observed gastroprotective effects.4 





Diarhea

Rehydrating
Eating a recovery diet
Taking probiotics



MUSCLE PAIN

Rest: Rest the affected area and discontinue the activity that caused the injury.
Ice: Use an ice pack or bag of frozen peas to help relieve pain and reduce swelling. Apply ice to the area for 15–20 minutes three times a day.
Compression: Use a compression bandage to help reduce swelling.
Elevation: If possible, elevate the feet to minimize inflammation.



manage depression